docs(messaging): add group conversations to the chat-module procedure (#431)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/messaging/chat-module/build-logos-module-that-uses-chat-module-api.md

Seeing the `message_received` events on both sides confirms the full round trip: identity, address exchange, key discovery, conversation setup, and end-to-end encrypted delivery.

## Step 10: Verify a three-instance group conversation

Group semantics only show with three or more members. Start three instances (A, B, and C) the same way as in Step 9 and wait for all three to report `online`. Group joins land asynchronously (see Step 6) — budget minutes per membership change.

1. Collect each instance's address via `get_address()`.
1. In instance A, call `create_group_conversation("Book Club", "Weekly sci-fi picks")` and keep the returned conversation id.
1. In instance A, call `add_group_member(groupId, addressOfB)`. The call returns immediately; B joins once the group commits the add — B receives a `conversation_created` event (`kind == "group"`, name `"Book Club"`) under the same conversation id A holds.

> 1. In instance B, call `add_group_member(groupId, addressOfC)` (any member can grow the group). C joins the same way.

Reviewer: For B to invite C, B must already be a **committed** member of the group: `add_group_member` from B can only succeed once B has actually joined (it needs to hold the group's current MLS epoch). The upstream group doctest makes this an explicit *"Bob joins"* poll **between** the two invites; the step here jumps straight from "A adds B" to "B adds C", which a reader driving three instances by hand can hit before B's join has committed. Suggest making the ordering explicit:

```suggestion
1. Once B has joined (the `conversation_created` from the previous step has arrived on B), call `add_group_member(groupId, addressOfC)` from instance B — any member can grow the group. C joins the same way.
```
